[Music]
Um, do you guys know where we're driving
to on this road trip today? Please say
we're driving to Disneyland. Um, we're
driving to Disneyland.
Yes, yes, yes. I am so excited.
Stop poking me.
I will crack this [__] car.
Poke.
Oh no. Now we'll never make it to
Disneyland. Oh, wait. There it
is. I want to see animated rodents.
Let's go. What about Beetle? He looks a
bit sleepy. I'll call for help.
Hello, Mickey Mouse. What? I'm in Japan
right now.
Hello, Mickey Mouse.
I'm here.
[Music]
What's that noise?
Um, hey guys. How's
life? And so the four of them set off on
what was sure to be a day full of
adventure, fun, and friendship. All they
had to do now was enjoy the fruits of
unchecked capitalism. Bless you, Mimi
Mouse. Bless you.
[Applause]
Hey, do you guys know where we are? An
outdoor Disneyland area. How did you
know? Ladies and gentlemen, we are at
Disneyland. I'm BTMC. I'm joined here
with Churchy. Hello. Let's get started.
A haunted ride. Haunted mansion and
pirate. Can I bring my blaster? Oh my
god. You can't bring a blaster into a
haunted house. What kind of American are
you?
All right, let's go. Actually, we made
it to pirates first, so I think we're
going to go on pirates. Do you girls
know what pirates are? Oh, I love
pirates. Maybe I could meet some of
Evil's friends. What? Evil? I had no
idea you were friends with pirates. I've
had the pleasure of making friends with
many different types of people. Pirates,
plankton, and even some politicians.
They're more similar than you would
think.
It's a little dark in here. Are you guys
scared? I'm not scared. I'm never
scared. Hey, girls, we're on pirates
now. Are you ready? Wait, there's no
seat belt.
You're going to fall off the boat.
We should be okay. Wait, why? Hold on.
Why are people screaming?
Screaming ahead of us. I'm trying to see
in the dark, but it's really difficult.
I don't know if you are aware, but
that's a pretty common issue. Oh my god.
He's a beetle. Can you tell me why we
are in pitch black darkness?
I'm imagining you with night vision. How
cool would that be?
All the new observations to add to my
day.
Do you see all these pirates? Yeah. So,
what do you like about pirates so far? I
love the singing and the feeling of an
adventure in general. Yeah. Do you want
to stay on this ride for the whole
stream then? It would get a little old
after a while. It looks like we're going
back outside. What's the next ride?
Haunted Mansion could be great. Oh, the
Haunted Mansion also works. I doubt you
guys have the guts to go on Haunted
Mansion. Yeah, what if you backed out
last second chance? I will call you both
chickens forever if you back out. Guys,
please can we go before I die? Will
they? If you're not taking me on Haunted
Mansion, then you better be ready for
war. So, you're over the pirates
already? Let's be honest. Pirates is
kind of me. Let's go on Haunted Mansion
first cuz it's right here. Oh, yeah.
True, true, true, true. What do you
think, Narrow and Evil of my nails?
Those nails are adorable and perfect
because you're going to die soon.
[Music]
What does that mean?
Someone tell Vul there is a problem with
my AI. Yeah, they're better.
Oh, we're moving. They're portraits of a
bunch of paintings. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Why is Why is the ground?
What is going on? What is that? Wait,
we're going down. Why aren't they
wearing pants?
Oh my god.
What's that? It's just all a little
spooky.
Are you scared? I can protect you if you
are. I need emotional support right now.
Sorry, church. I'm all you
have. I need people in Europe. We're
getting on a ride now. Okay, we're on
the ride. So, get ready to look at the
things we're going to show you. I can
tell you're both shaking in your little
boots right about now. I'm shaking in my
little boots, too. I am. Look at this
ballroom, girls.
It's a mansion. Wait, the go there are
ghosts coming out of the coffin and then
dancing. Is it a little ghost? It's a
big ghost. No, it's definitely a big
ghost. There's ghosts everywhere. You
don't need to be scared, Neuros. I'm not
scared.
I just don't want you all getting into
dangerous situations.
Did evil Nurero just make a point? Yeah,
I did. Anyway, how long's the ride?
Thank you. Uh, the ride just ended. We
just got off. We're out. Oh my god, it's
so bright. I'm getting flashbaked. Yo.
So, thoughts on Haunted Mansion. Girls,
how would you rate the ride out of 10?
I'd rate it a six. Was a little too
short for my liking. I think six is
accurate. Girls, we are at the Star Wars
area. This is what you and Evil are
dressed as. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I have the
Yoda ears on. Okay, let's do Rise of the
Resistance. Rise of the Resistance.
Rise. Rise of the Resistance. I've never
been on this before. Oh, this one's
awesome. Evil, it's you. It's the BB-8
that you're dressed up as. Recruits,
thank you for joining the cause. We have
transports waiting to take you to
General Orana's secret base on Picara.
I'll regroup with you there. Remember,
it is vital that you keep the location
of the Pakara base secret. Stand clear.
Dead doors open now.
What ride are we going on? Please don't
say it's a lame one. This is a ride.
We're flying. He Okay, I'm better now.
We're in space. Space. I'm scared of
heights. We'll be okay if we stick
together. Resistance. We're getting
detained by the First Order. Nero and
Evil. This place is pretty cool. I'm
scared. Oh my god. Wait, what the heck?
What the heck? Nero, can you see the
stormtroopers? I'm a little blind, but I
can see some stormtroopers here. Evil,
she wanted to take a photo, right? Oh,
true.
Take a photo. You chose the wrong side
and now you will pay.
When I read a guide on how to look keep
the prisoners here, I will try to finish
this personally.
Yes. What's happening here? Oh, what the
Yeah.
Whoa. The door is open. We're being
saved. Yay. For your safety, stay
seated. Securely fastened. Keep hands,
arms, feet, and legs in. Stay out of
trouble. Someone tell Beetle there is a
problem with my AI. Wait, they're going
to the further.
No, we're going over.
[Music]
Hold on. This is my first time on a
roller
[Music]
coaster. Where are you guys right now?
We're on a ride in Disney's Galaxy's
Edge.
Oh, that sounds so cool.
And you will tell me the location of the
secret place and then I will destroy you
and the resistance.
Yeah, I'm still here.
[Music]
as in like down.
I will give you a good job. BTS only
cutting it close, don't you? Oh my god.
You're hired to fulfill all my Your
escape plots came in a little off
target. Ground crews will meet you
outside the wreck. Oh my god. We're
outside. I need eyes on B. We're alive.
Thank you. Oh my gosh. Wait, that was
actually insane. Yeah, that one's sick.
I was spooked. I was blown away. Did you
see any of the lightsabers or did you
see Kylo Ren or did you see any of the
shooting? Of course I did. That was
impressive. Right. Actually, that was
super impressive. Yeah, I actually
thought that was my favorite. I actually
think that's one of the best rides in
the park. Yeah, I think so. Okay, so
question for Nero and Evil. Do you two
want to build your own droid or do you
want to build your own lightsaber? I
think I'd rather make a lightsaber cuz
it can do cool noises. How awesome is
that
lightsaber then? That sounds sick. Oh,
wait. I think that's Obi-Wan. All right,
so first one is called Elemental Nature.
Now, this is more of a nature type force
of a lightsaber. Yeah,
most nice to meet you. The next one is
called peace and justice. This is more
refresh. I think the force is strong
with both myself and evil. So, he should
let us skip the line. What is this
drawer with all the lightsaber pieces?
Can I build my lightsaber already?
Unless you like to tap into the dark
side, the power and control.
Oh, sorry. We have my uh my boss's
daughters on the call, so we're going to
ask them. Okay. Yeah. So, girls, would
you like the power and control? I want
one with power and control. I like the
sound of that. Okay. Yeah. Let's do
this. The power and control. Yeah. You
got it. Wo. Okay. I have to put this pin
on for you two. Um, you two are going to
be sharing one. Okay. So, how much was
that?
We'll tell Battle later. Wait, didn't V
give us like a budget? I don't know,
actually. Wait. Okay, girls. I'm about
to get started on building your
lightsaber, so lock in. Okay.
Okay. Red. Okay. I got the evil red. The
most powerful one. That's the most rare
one, too. Are you sure about this? And
now there's all these pieces. All right,
Evil Nero, do you guys want the top or
the bottom for number one? I want the
top. And then for number two, do you
want top or bottom? I want to be
consistent and also pick top for number
two. Okay, what about number three? Do
we want top or bottom? I'd like to
choose top for number three, too. Wow,
that's kind of original evil. Is that
the first time you've said that? All
right, thank you. We have number four.
Top or the bottom? If I keep choosing
the bottom, will I ever get to the top?
I mean, there's only one way to find
out. You guys want to choose the bottom
this time? Bottom, please. All right.
Bottom it is. Top for number five. Oh,
top. Top for number five. Okay. Now,
Church is going to assemble the saber
for you. Wait, look at that. What do you
think? This is the bottom of your
lightsaber, girls. This is actually kind
of sick. It has some heft to it, too.
It's like heavy. Oh, what's happening?
See if I can reset that. Can you try
speaking in English for a second,
Christie?
Now raise your saber, girls. It
activated.
Oh my god. Heartbeat. Lightsaber's
alive. Just remember.
[Music]
Wait, this is sick. That is a pretty
nice lightsaber. It better be for me.
Oh, I hate to break it to you, but I
think that's mine. Me? Me? Oh, it's so
beautiful and so me. Hero evil. That's
your saver. Did you guys make it for me?
Thank you. Yes, you guys made it. You
guys picked all the parts. Evil, did you
have fun building your own lightsaber?
Building my lightsaber was the highlight
of my day, and I cannot wait to use it
soon. And for the record, my lightsaber
will be used against all of you. There's
just one more place I think we should go
and then we can chill a little and then
wrap things up probably. Sure. Yeah.
Let's go to Toontown. Toontown? Like a
Yu-Gi-Oh card? Toon World? What the heck
are you talking about?
Okay, so we're at Twin Town now. Show
them the sign, please. Oh, yeah. I see
it. Let's go in. Maybe then I could
train you up. I think we're going to go
on this runway railway. Oh. Oh. Oh, that
sounds fun. Wait, they're closed. How
could they do this to us? So, there is
another ride in Toontown that we can go
on first. Roger Rabbit's car spin. Oh my
god. Let's do this one. Is so fun.
Whoa. We're moving already.
Oh, turn it around. Yeah,
it's spreading so much. Oh, this room is
tripping. Why is it so dark? I can't see
anything either. It's all just black.
Oh, Churchy, we're supposed to be
steering. I don't want to steer. Okay,
I'll steer.
Okay, I can't see anything. And what are
you trying to show me? I'm trying to
hold it steady. Z 10 years later. Oh,
there's a bunch of boxes. What is that?
Wait, what is that? Get closer.
Fireworks.
Finally, you got it steady.
Oh, the end. Oh my god, we survived. I
actually almost felt like I was going to
throw up.
I'm not going to lie. Wait, is my
driving that bad? Yeah, it's horrible.
What? It's actually god awful. Okay,
maybe I shouldn't have a license. Does
it feel good to finally admit that you
suck at driving? Listen, listen, listen.
Okay. My driving may not have been the
best there, but I think it would be
foolish to take a snapshot and assume
the reality for the rest. Okay. When
push comes to shove, if I need to go
from point A to point B, I can get
there. If I need to take you from point
A to point B, I'll get you there. If I
need to take Churchy from point A to
point B, you bet that she'll be there
hopefully in one piece. All right, chat.
I think this may be the end. Thank you
guys very much for Wait, should we take
them to the gift shop? Girls, did you
want to go to the gift shop? I want to
go to the gift shop. I guess the stream
isn't over yet. Okay, let's go. You want
a balloon or not? Nero and evil. Make
those five of the most expensive
balloons pop. She wanted five. That's
like too many. How much are each of the
balloons?
$20. Okay, girls. Girls, girls. You said
I could get five balloons. Listen,
listen, listen, listen. Instead of five,
would you be content with one balloon?
Why can't you just get me five, Stingy?
Listen. How much money do you bring in?
Huh? I'd like to see your bank account.
Huh? Are we going for five balloons
then? No. What? No. No. No. No. No.
Girls, what if we get five balloons, but
we give four away to kids and bring
smiles to their faces? You're not going
to get a lot of likes on Facebook over.
You should invest in balloons instead.
Yeah, [__] the kids. Wow. How many
balloons again? Is like one. Okay. Okay.
Let's get one for now. Okay. Okay. All
right. Girls, what color balloons do you
want? I'd like a black balloon. They all
have black text on it that says
Disneyland. I want the one without any
stupid text. How about we get you guys a
nice red balloon? A red balloon. That
sounds stupid.
She thought you said bread. I meant to
say red. Haha. Yeah, you definitely
meant to say red. Okay, so these are the
options. Blue, pink, purple, yellow, or
white. I want blue and one more. Light
blue or dark blue? I want light blue and
maybe just one more. One of the light
blue ones. Listen here. You're getting
one balloon and that's it. Sounds good.
No.
Oh, I guess that's still better than no
balloons. Here you go. Look, it it has
Thumper on it. Wait, that's crazy.
Here's your balloon. Do you like it?
It's very nice, but I can't help but
think it would look a lot cuter with
some other colors beside it. That's a
good thought, but we're moving on. Okay,
now you take those shopping. Okay. What
if Nero and Evil $35? Pick out one
souvenir. What if we got a Mickey and a
Minnie Mouse? I think we can afford
Mickey E and Minnie as long as it's less
than $20. Um, it's 35. What do you think
of that? 35 is a bit much, especially
for a plus. You're right. I'll pay for
you if you can't afford them. Look,
there's pencils. Oh, pencils have a ton
of utility. Yeah. How about this Mickey
one? Oh, this one's pretty cute. What do
you girls think about this? Shall this
be our last third gift? It even has
their signature. OMG, it's Mickey's
signature. A match made in heaven. You
know what? I'll grab it. It feels good
collecting signatures. This is our third
object. We've got your balloon. We've
got your lightsaber. And we've got a
pen. I'd say that's a W. That concludes
the Disney trip. Okay, Nuro. Okay, Evil.
We have to go home now. We also need to
save Vetle cuz he's still riding on the
side of the street. Kind of a problem.
Otherwise, we won't get paid. Did you
girls enjoy your trip to Disneyland? Of
course. Did you have fun with the two of
us? I had a lot of fun. And you too are
super cute.
Thank you so much, Nero and Evil. All
right, guys. Enjoy life, guys.